[ZT] ZTWA learning path (#12216)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/terraform/publish-apps-with-terraform.md

---
title: Publish applications with Terraform
pcx_content_type: overview
weight: 1
layout: learning-unit
---

This guide covers how to use the [Cloudflare Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs) to quickly publish and secure a private application. In the following example, we will add a new public hostname route to an existing Cloudflare Tunnel, configure how `cloudflared` proxies traffic to the application, and secure the application with Cloudflare Access.

## Prerequisities

> - [Domain on Cloudflare](/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/initial-setup/add-site/)
> - [IdP integration](/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/initial-setup/configure-idp/)
> - [Cloudflare Tunnel](/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/connect-private-applications/create-tunnel/#create-a-tunnel) created via the Zero Trust dashboard
> - [Terraform client](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/install-cli)
> - [API token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) (refer to the [minimum required permissions](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/deploy-tunnels/deployment-guides/terraform/#3-create-a-cloudflare-api-token))

Author: ```suggestion
- [Add your domain to Cloudflare](/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/initial-setup/add-site/)
- [Configure an IdP integration](/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/initial-setup/configure-idp/)
- [Create a Cloudflare Tunnel](/learning-paths/zero-trust-web-access/connect-private-applications/create-tunnel/#create-a-tunnel) via the Zero Trust dashboard
- Install the [Terraform client](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/aws-get-started/install-cli)
- [Create an API token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) (refer to the [minimum required permissions](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/deploy-tunnels/deployment-guides/terraform/#3-create-a-cloudflare-api-token))
```
